    Wash and dry afang leaves with water and drain with a sieve. The leaves sometimes come with dirt and tree particles; you would have to hand pick them one by one to get rid of these and also to remove the leaves from the stalks. Afang leaves can be dried in a chiffon cloth or sack bag by flapping the bag containing the leaves severally to drain out excess water.
    Using a tray or chopping board with a wooden supporter and a sharp knife, shred the afang leave into tiny pieces and then pour it into a mortar and pound it until it forms a smooth paste and without chunks and set it aside. You can use a dry mill or the part of the food processor used for blending dry grains to blend the leaves until smooth. If you do not want to go through all these long procedure, you can get the already shredded afang from the market to save time.
    Wash and shred the waterleaves into tiny pieces too and set aside.
    Please Note: During rainy season or so, water leaves usually contain excess greenish and slimy water after they have been chopped; which if it is added to soup, could make it taste sour. You have to rinse the leaves with water and squeeze the slimy liquid out and drain with a colander. Afang soup does not need too much water.
    Cut and wash the periwinkles severally and rinse in salt water and set aside. 
    Wash and cook the stock fish; when it is soft, season the meat with seasoning cube, salt, pepper and onions together with the cow skin cook them for about 25 minutes till they are very soft. When the meat is cooked, add the snail if you are using that, periwinkles and cook them properly. 
    Add a cup of water to the meat or you can pour the water you used to cook the stockfish into the meat.
    Note: Do not add too much water to the meat because the waterleaves would still bring out its own water when it starts to boil.
    Add the shredded waterleaves into it, measure 2 cups of palm oil, add grounded crayfish with pepper and the remaining seasoning cubes into the pot and leave it to boil properly for about 8minutes. You do not cover vegetable soup; you want it to stay greenish all through, since you would be warming it subsequently.
    Stir it properly and allow it to bubble for another 1 minute.
    Finally, add the pounded Afang into the content on heat, stir and allow for just 5 minutes depending on how fresh you want your soup to be
    Put off heat, bring the soup down and scoop some into the freezer.
    Serve with fufu, semolina, eba or any starchy food of your choice.
